# tdex-box
Docker Compose for running TDex Daemon in production environments

 

## 1. Clone 

Clone this repository and enter in the folder

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/TDex-network/tdex-box
$ cd tdex-box
```

## 2. Price feed

Edit [feederd/config.json](https://github.com/TDex-network/tdex-feeder#config-file) file if you wish. By default it defines a market with LBTC-USDt and uses Kraken as price feed.  

## 3. Explorer

Export ENV variable for Esplora REST endpoint

```sh
# if left blank will default https://blockstream.info/liquid/api 
$ export EXPLORER=zzz
```

## 4. Operator interface


By default, the daemon service is configured to have authentication for the Operator interface on port `9000` with macaroon cookies. 


#### Without Macaroons (insecure)

If you don't need to access `tdexd` from outside over the public internet, it's enough to [uncomment this line to set TDEX_NO_MACAROONS=true](docker-compose.yml#L18) env var of `tdexd` to disable it. If you do this, you are done and you can skip to the [Run](#run) section. **DO NOT OPEN THE OPERATOR GRPC PORT VIA FIREWALL/SECURITY GROUPS**



#### With Macaroons & TLS self-signed

The TLS key and certificate are generated by `tdexd` at first startup. 
If you want to run the daemon on a remote machine with a static IP (and possibly a DNS name), you need to uncomment one or both [TDEX_OPERATOR_EXTRA IP | TDEX_OPERATOR_EXTRA_DOMAIN](docker-compose.yml#L21) env vars to let the daemon create the right certificate.


To let `feederd` to connect to `tdexd` to update prices, you'll need to change the default `feederd/config.json` file like follows:

- change the [hostname of the rpc_address](feederd/config.json#L13) and use the static IP or DNS name you passed to `TDEX_OPERATOR_EXTRA IP` or  `TDEX_OPERATOR_EXTRA_DOMAIN` eg. `my.domain.com:9000`
- uncomment the [feederd's volumes](docker-compose.yml#54) section in the compose file to mount the macaroon and TLS certificate intto `feederd` service
- change the [macaroons_path](feederd/config.json#L11) and [tls_cert_path](feederd/config.json#L12) in the `feederd/config.json` respectively to `/price.macaroon` and `/cert.pem`.
- Last but not least, don't forget to open the port where the Operator interface listens to (default `9000`) and allow in-going and out-going traffic over it on your firewalle or security groups.


# 5. Trader interface  
Expose the TDEX Trader interface with TLS or Onion to the TDEX Network

### TLS via Certificate Authority

To enable TLS encryption with a Certificate Authority on the Trader interface of the daemon, you have to generate your obtain a TLS certificate from a Certificate Authority (ie. Let's Encrypt or ZeroSSL). Once this is done, export the ENV variables with the absolute path of the files: 

```sh
$ export SSL_CERT_PATH=/path/to/fullchain.pem
$ export SSL_KEY_PATH=/path/to/privatekey.pem
```

The last step is to uncomment in the compose file (`docker-compose.yml`) the lines of the `volumes` to mount the SSL paths

```yml
   volumes:
      #### TLS only ####
      - ${SSL_CERT_PATH}:/trade.crt
      - ${SSL_KEY_PATH}:/trade.key
```

### Onion

Add this compose service at the bottom of the compose file (either `docker-compose.yml`)

```yml
  # Tor Onion Hidden service
  tor:
    container_name: "tor"
    image: goldy/tor-hidden-service:latest
    restart: unless-stopped
    depends_on:
      - tdexd
    environment:
      # Set version 3 on TDEX
      TDEX_TOR_SERVICE_HOSTS: "80:tdexd:9945"
      TDEX_TOR_SERVICE_VERSION: "3"
      TDEX_TOR_SERVICE_KEY: ${ONION_KEY}
    # Keep keys in volumes
    volumes:
      - ./tor:/var/lib/tor/hidden_service/
```

Export your Onion service V3 private key or leave it blank to create a new one

```sh
$ export ONION_KEY=base64_Onion_V3_Private_Key
```

## Run 

```sh
$ docker-compose up -d
```

Check the Logs

```
$ docker logs tdexd --tail 20
$ docker logs feederd --tail 20
```


**Onion-only** Check the onion endpoint

```sh
$ docker exec tor onions
```

## Auto-unlock

#### Unlocker

Starting from tdexd v0.5.0 and above, the image comes with a new `unlockerd` embedded binary useful to automatize the unlocking of the daemon's wallet once (re)started and initialized.

In the compose file you can find commented lines for enabling the unlocker with the `file` provider, which means it attempts to source the unlocking password from a local file.

Enabling the unlocker is as easy as creating a file containing the same password used to init your daemon's wallet and exporting its path in the `PWD_PATH` variable, like for example:

```bash
$ echo "mypassword" > pwd.txt
$ export PWD_PATH=$(pwd)/pwd.txt
```

Then, uncomment in the compose file the [command](docker-compose.yml#L34) and the [volume](docker-compose.yml#L42).

That's it. You just need to start up the container with the usual command:

```bash
$ docker-compose up -d tdexd
```

Or you can recreate it with:

```bash
$ docker-compose up -d --no-deps --force-recreate tdexd
```







